30/30
SEO
Optimizing your website content for search helps you drive organic traffic to your website. You can do this by providing a great experience for people and web crawlers alike.
Improve Your SEO Ranking with a free 15-minute Lesson.
PASS
PERMISSION TO INDEX
Granted.
In order for a page to appear in search results, search engines must have permission to store it in their index. If they can't store it, no other changes matter.
PASS
META DESCRIPTION
Look at you go!
Meta descriptions tell people what your page is about in search results.
PASS
CONTENT PLUGINS
*Clap, clap, clap* Good job!
Search engines can't always understand content that relies on browser plugins, such as Flash.
PASS
DESCRIPTIVE LINK TEXT
Your links make sense.
Descriptive link text helps visitors know what they'll see if they click the link. "Click here" doesn't cut it.

30/30
Mobile
Traffic from mobile devices is growing fast. Optimize your website for mobile or you'll miss out on valuable traffic, leads, and revenue.
Improve Your Mobile Performance with a free 15-minute Lesson

PASS
LEGIBLE FONT SIZE
Easy on the eyes.
Visitors may have difficulty reading small text, especially on mobile devices. We recommend at least 12px.
PASS
TAP TARGETS
Clicking is so easy!
Mobile-friendly pages perform better in search results. Make sure interactive elements like buttons and links are not too small or too close together.
PASS
RESPONSIVE
Fantastic! You're ready to face the future.
Responsive design gives you a bump in search rankings for searches on mobile devices.

10/10
Security
A secure website equipped with an SSL certificate and free from vulnerabilities is now the standard online. People and search engines love secure websites.
Improve Your Site Security with a free 15-minute Lesson
HTTPS
Secured.
HTTPS protects websites from attacks and gives visitors confidence that your site is authentic and trustworthy.
SECURE JAVASCRIPT LIBRARIES
Protected!
Intruders can exploit outdated JavaScript libraries. Using the latest version of each library and updating it regularly will help keep you safe.
What should I do next?

PERFORMANCE	CURRENT	RECOMMENDATION
Page size	14.7MB	< 3MB	Lighten your pages by removing or compressing heavy content such as images and video.
Page requests	71	< 30	Reduce the number of HTTP requests your site makes. Remove any unnecessary images, scripts, or files, and consider lazy loading your images.
Page speed	7Sec	< 5.3Sec	Speed up your site by lightening up your site pages, compressing images and video where possible.
Minified JavaScript	No	Yes	Use a minifier tool or contact your web host to ensure your JavaScript is minified.
Minified CSS	No	Yes	Use a minifier tool or contact your web host to ensure your CSS is minified.